Fix SSH tunnel links (#12585)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/architecture/master-node-communication.md

These connections **are not currently safe** to run over untrusted and/or
public networks.

### SSH Tunnels

Kubernetes supports SSH tunnels to protect the Master -> Cluster communication
paths. In this configuration, the apiserver initiates an SSH tunnel to each node
in the cluster (connecting to the ssh server listening on port 22) and passes
all traffic destined for a kubelet, node, pod, or service through the tunnel.
This tunnel ensures that the traffic is not exposed outside of the network in
which the nodes are running.

> SSH tunnels are deprecated, but a replacement is being designed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SSH tunnels are currently deprecated so you shouldn't opt to use them unless you know what you are doing. A replacement for this communication channel is being designed.
```

Author: Oh that's great - much clearer - thank you!  (And sorry for missing it before!)
